# Chapter Generator

The chapter generator will generate a list of chapters for a TDF playback dataset generated by this tool.

## Chapters

The chapter generator will go through the event playback (including special events that are generated by
the video generator, like "nuke canceled by own ammo") and create a list of up to 20 chapters.

### Chapter requirements

A chapter is defined by the timestamp (number of milliseconds since the beginning of the game), and the
text of the event that triggered it.

The following events are candidates for chapter markers, in order of importance from highest to lowest:

*   A medic is eliminated
*   A commander is eliminated
*   A nuke is detonated, or canceled
*   A player of a role not mentioned above is eliminated
*   A medic is down to 10 lives

After collecting the list of potential events, narrow it down to up to the maximum mentioned above by
applying the following rules:

*   If there are multiple chapters within a 10-second span, pick the more important one.
*   If there are multiple events of the same importance within a 10-second span, combine them into one.
*   Begin eliminating events starting with the lowest importance until the maximum number of chapters
    is reached.

## Outputs

One way to output the chapters is as a YouTube chapter string for a generated video. This string is one
chapter per line, in order of time. Each line is of this format:

MM:SS <chapter message>

The MM:SS represents the minutes and seconds since the beginning of the video. This includes any
preroll time if the video has been configured to add time before the actual game starts.

